c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.exe.config
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.exe
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.pdb
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.g.resources
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.exe
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.pdb
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\Wallpaper\Carousel.g.cs
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\pcardona\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpaceADay\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\Wallpaper\Carousel.baml
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.exe.config
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.exe
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\SpaceADay.pdb
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\Wallpaper\Carousel.g.cs
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\Wallpaper\Carousel.baml
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.g.resources
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.exe
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\SpaceADay.pdb
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\Simple Styles.baml
C:\Users\atoko\Source\Repos\daily-nasa-wallpaper\SpaceADay\obj\Debug\App.baml
